SCM KEDB 
FDC Frequent Build Issues
Purpose: 
	Purpose of this document is to identify the build related frequent issues and their fixes. There may be a number of issues we can face. Followings are some of the build related issues and their fixes. For Autocm build, we are using two types of build files, one is build.bat and another one is build.sh. The build.bat is only for windows and the build.sh is for Linux, Solaris, Red Hat operating systems.
Types of issues we will face:
	Followings are the issue types and their fixes.
Issues that we are facing frequently:
1.	ERROR: VcsGit::WorkspacePopulate - failed to clone project.
2.	Directory does not contain any items.
3.	Fatal error compiling: invalid target release.
4.	Package Directory is Empty.
5.	File: not found.
6.	JAVA_HOME/ MAVEN_HOME/ANT_HOME not defined correctly.
7.	Path Related Issues.
8.	Permission Denied To cp(copy)/del(delete)/mkdir(Make directory).
Fixing To the Above Errors:
1.	ERROR: VcsGit::WorkspacePopulate - failed to clone project:
Issue: If you face the above issue, then it will be connection oriented issue between the build server and the repository or the repository server may be down.

Fix: Contact DevOps Tools Team to this fix.
2.	Directory does not contain any items.
Issue: While we are trying to copy or move or any other operations into some folders, which doesn’t have any files or anything on that time this issue will arise.
Fix: Please make sure the files are available inside the folder or change the build.sh file to point the correct folder.
3.	Fatal error compiling: invalid target release.

Issue: This type of issue will arise only for maven related projects.
Fix: Please make sure that the plugins or the dependency jar file is available in the specific repository. It is may be a nexus or maven or the local repository.

4.	Package Directory is Empty.
Issue: Once the build has completed, we didn’t copy all the files which we need for the future deployment into the package.
Fix: Please add copy command in the build.sh/build.bat to copy the needed files into package folder.
5.	File: not found.
Issue: This issue will arise when we try to copy or move or rename or delete the file which is actually not in the mentioned location.
Fix: Please make sure that the file is available in the mentioned location or please mention the correct location in the build.sh/build.bat file.
6.	JAVA_HOME/ MAVEN_HOME/ANT_HOME not defined correctly.
Issue: This issue will arise when you export the wrong JAVA_HOME or ANT_HOME or MAVEN_HOME in the build.sh/build.bat.
Fix: Please mention the correct HOME path in the build.sh/build.bat.
7.	Path Related Issues.
Issue: This issue will arise only path related command in build.sh/build.bat.
Fix: To fix this issue, please login into the build server and try to run the build.sh/build.bat with correct paths. Once the build has completed successfully, then please upload the build.sh/build.bat in to the repository and try a new build from ACM.
8.	Permission Denied To cp(copy)/del(delete)/mkdir(Make directory).

Issue: This issue will arise when the specific user doesn’t have the permission to copy or delete or make any directory on the folder.

Fix: Please change the ownership for the particular folder form the build.sh/build.bat file. Command to change the ownership “chown –R webdep:web Folder_name/”.


Common Deployment issues
1. Once trigger the deployment, please check the logs in acm if it’s not rolling check whether deployment agent acmservice is up or not, then restart services.
2. Check whether deployment if failing due to space issue, if it is due to space then login to server, 
go to /opt/escm/work/stage/dbid, /opt/escm/work/backout/dbid
Delete the previous dbids
3. Check whether ssh setup is there for target server from deployment agent and try to transfer file from deploy agent to target servers.
4. Check home directory for webdep, it should be /opt/escm if not raise ticket to server team to change the home directory.
5. Check whether environments have been configured with right product name, it should be mapped as per component and product name. Stash project and repo name should match with acm product name and project name.
6. EFTPS and Run-Deck Deployments will be handled only by David from US-FDC due to security reasons.

